here we come to the freight elevator at
the Madison furniture store in elevation
Ville
it's a Montgomery County with innovation
fixtures and I got permission to film
this by far as you're wondering
ooh a cardboard there's no floor
indicator here ooh five floors so I'm
not going up there three
four or five or staff for so we're not
going up there all right
what's this in the motor
one that was quite a motor that was epic
closed or it takes like one second
all right let's go back down now these
your fixtures are innovation look how
big it is capacity like ten thousand
pounds that is HUGE
that's a very big freight elevator
button or I went out
all right and always and always when you
are finished make sure that you close
the door so somebody else from another
floor can use it
Oh someone just call it upstairs oh all
right there goes and actually I'll go
write the passenger one we're gonna ride
the passenger on all in one video we'll
go write the passenger elevator in one
video all right so where is it
Unni on moon nice
all right tier is the main elevator
right here
it's a Montgomery Co neighs whoa okay
it's 220 buttons all right should be
here in a minute here it is I love
country music's
three
go to one that was an awesome motor on
both these elevators
I like the music in here before I went
onto the freight elevator the general
manager of the store told me not to go
up two floors four and five because
they're offices so this is the reason
why did not go up to two floors hi
these are fixtures they're to 20 series
buttons number one
takes forever to level this one goes a
little slower than the freight elevator
music sounds so comfy
alright and that's it